Graph-Structured Representations for Visual Question Answering
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Teney_Graph-Structured_Representations_for_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Physics Inspired Optimization on Semantic Transfer Features: An Alternative Method for Room Layout Estimation
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Zhao_Physics_Inspired_Optimization_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Local Binary Convolutional Neural Networks
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Juefei-Xu_Local_Binary_Convolutional_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Designing Effective Inter-Pixel Information Flow for Natural Image Matting
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Aksoy_Designing_Effective_Inter-Pixel_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Face Normals "In-The-Wild" Using Fully Convolutional Networks
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Trigeorgis_Face_Normals_In-The-Wild_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

3D Face Morphable Models "In-The-Wild"
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Booth_3D_Face_Morphable_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Towards a Quality Metric for Dense Light Fields
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Adhikarla_Towards_a_Quality_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Position Tracking for Virtual Reality Using Commodity WiFi
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Kotaru_Position_Tracking_for_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Material Classification Using Frequency- and Depth-Dependent Time-Of-Flight Distortion
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Tanaka_Material_Classification_Using_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Learning by Association -- A Versatile Semi-Supervised Training Method for Neural Networks
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Haeusser_Learning_by_Association_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

A Non-Convex Variational Approach to Photometric Stereo Under Inaccurate Lighting
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Queau_A_Non-Convex_Variational_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Learning From Synthetic Humans
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Varol_Learning_From_Synthetic_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Correlational Gaussian Processes for Cross-Domain Visual Recognition
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Long_Correlational_Gaussian_Processes_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Revisiting the Variable Projection Method for Separable Nonlinear Least Squares Problems
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Hong_Revisiting_the_Variable_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Learning to Detect Salient Objects With Image-Level Supervision
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Wang_Learning_to_Detect_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Binary Coding for Partial Action Analysis With Limited Observation Ratios
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Qin_Binary_Coding_for_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Temporal Convolutional Networks for Action Segmentation and Detection
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Lea_Temporal_Convolutional_Networks_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

DeLiGAN : Generative Adversarial Networks for Diverse and Limited Data
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Gurumurthy_DeLiGAN__Generative_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Template Matching With Deformable Diversity Similarity
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Talmi_Template_Matching_With_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Surface Motion Capture Transfer With Gaussian Process Regression
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Boukhayma_Surface_Motion_Capture_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Generating Holistic 3D Scene Abstractions for Text-Based Image Retrieval
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Li_Generating_Holistic_3D_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Unsupervised Video Summarization With Adversarial LSTM Networks
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Mahasseni_Unsupervised_Video_Summarization_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

SphereFace: Deep Hypersphere Embedding for Face Recognition
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Liu_SphereFace_Deep_Hypersphere_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

One-Shot Video Object Segmentation
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Caelles_One-Shot_Video_Object_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

SGM-Nets: Semi-Global Matching With Neural Networks
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Seki_SGM-Nets_Semi-Global_Matching_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

What's in a Question: Using Visual Questions as a Form of Supervision
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Ganju_Whats_in_a_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Context-Aware Captions From Context-Agnostic Supervision
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Vedantam_Context-Aware_Captions_From_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Polyhedral Conic Classifiers for Visual Object Detection and Classification
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Cevikalp_Polyhedral_Conic_Classifiers_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Unsupervised Monocular Depth Estimation With Left-Right Consistency
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Godard_Unsupervised_Monocular_Depth_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Compact Matrix Factorization With Dependent Subspaces
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Larsson_Compact_Matrix_Factorization_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Deep Reinforcement Learning-Based Image Captioning With Embedding Reward
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Ren_Deep_Reinforcement_Learning-Based_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Dual Attention Networks for Multimodal Reasoning and Matching
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Nam_Dual_Attention_Networks_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Exploiting 2D Floorplan for Building-Scale Panorama RGBD Alignment
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Wijmans_Exploiting_2D_Floorplan_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

A Hierarchical Approach for Generating Descriptive Image Paragraphs
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Krause_A_Hierarchical_Approach_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Visual Dialog
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Das_Visual_Dialog_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

DESIRE: Distant Future Prediction in Dynamic Scenes With Interacting Agents
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Lee_DESIRE_Distant_Future_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Mining Object Parts From CNNs via Active Question-Answering
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Zhang_Mining_Object_Parts_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Multi-Way Multi-Level Kernel Modeling for Neuroimaging Classification
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/He_Multi-Way_Multi-Level_Kernel_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Low-Rank Bilinear Pooling for Fine-Grained Classification
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Kong_Low-Rank_Bilinear_Pooling_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Knowing When to Look: Adaptive Attention via a Visual Sentinel for Image Captioning
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Lu_Knowing_When_to_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Learning Deep Context-Aware Features Over Body and Latent Parts for Person Re-Identification
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Li_Learning_Deep_Context-Aware_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Turning an Urban Scene Video Into a Cinemagraph
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Yan_Turning_an_Urban_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Beyond Triplet Loss: A Deep Quadruplet Network for Person Re-Identification
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Chen_Beyond_Triplet_Loss_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Surveillance Video Parsing With Single Frame Supervision
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Liu_Surveillance_Video_Parsing_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Semantically Coherent Co-Segmentation and Reconstruction of Dynamic Scenes
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Mustafa_Semantically_Coherent_Co-Segmentation_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Transition Forests: Learning Discriminative Temporal Transitions for Action Recognition and Detection
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Garcia-Hernando_Transition_Forests_Learning_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Pixelwise Instance Segmentation With a Dynamically Instantiated Network
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Arnab_Pixelwise_Instance_Segmentation_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Video Propagation Networks
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Jampani_Video_Propagation_Networks_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Global Hypothesis Generation for 6D Object Pose Estimation
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Michel_Global_Hypothesis_Generation_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Dilated Residual Networks
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Yu_Dilated_Residual_Networks_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Robust Interpolation of Correspondences for Large Displacement Optical Flow
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Hu_Robust_Interpolation_of_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Supervising Neural Attention Models for Video Captioning by Human Gaze Data
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Yu_Supervising_Neural_Attention_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Modeling Temporal Dynamics and Spatial Configurations of Actions Using Two-Stream Recurrent Neural Networks
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Wang_Modeling_Temporal_Dynamics_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Self-Learning Scene-Specific Pedestrian Detectors Using a Progressive Latent Model
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Ye_Self-Learning_Scene-Specific_Pedestrian_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Oriented Response Networks
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Zhou_Oriented_Response_Networks_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Video Acceleration Magnification
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Zhang_Video_Acceleration_Magnification_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

IRINA: Iris Recognition (Even) in Inaccurately Segmented Data
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Proenca_IRINA_Iris_Recognition_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Forecasting Human Dynamics From Static Images
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Chao_Forecasting_Human_Dynamics_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Discriminative Bimodal Networks for Visual Localization and Detection With Natural Language Queries
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Zhang_Discriminative_Bimodal_Networks_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

A Linear Extrinsic Calibration of Kaleidoscopic Imaging System From Single 3D Point
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Takahashi_A_Linear_Extrinsic_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Efficient Multiple Instance Metric Learning Using Weakly Supervised Data
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Law_Efficient_Multiple_Instance_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Asynchronous Temporal Fields for Action Recognition
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Sigurdsson_Asynchronous_Temporal_Fields_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Scene Flow to Action Map: A New Representation for RGB-D Based Action Recognition With Convolutional Neural Networks
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Wang_Scene_Flow_to_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

A Point Set Generation Network for 3D Object Reconstruction From a Single Image
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Fan_A_Point_Set_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Automatic Discovery, Association Estimation and Learning of Semantic Attributes for a Thousand Categories
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Al-Halah_Automatic_Discovery_Association_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Deep Laplacian Pyramid Networks for Fast and Accurate Super-Resolution
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Lai_Deep_Laplacian_Pyramid_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Scene Parsing Through ADE20K Dataset
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Zhou_Scene_Parsing_Through_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

WILDCAT: Weakly Supervised Learning of Deep ConvNets for Image Classification, Pointwise Localization and Segmentation
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Durand_WILDCAT_Weakly_Supervised_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

PointNet: Deep Learning on Point Sets for 3D Classification and Segmentation
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Qi_PointNet_Deep_Learning_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

L2-Net: Deep Learning of Discriminative Patch Descriptor in Euclidean Space
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Tian_L2-Net_Deep_Learning_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Video Frame Interpolation via Adaptive Convolution
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Niklaus_Video_Frame_Interpolation_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Crossing Nets: Combining GANs and VAEs With a Shared Latent Space for Hand Pose Estimation
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Wan_Crossing_Nets_Combining_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Attention-Aware Face Hallucination via Deep Reinforcement Learning
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Cao_Attention-Aware_Face_Hallucination_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Neural Scene De-Rendering
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Wu_Neural_Scene_De-Rendering_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Deep TEN: Texture Encoding Network
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Zhang_Deep_TEN_Texture_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

PolyNet: A Pursuit of Structural Diversity in Very Deep Networks
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Zhang_PolyNet_A_Pursuit_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Object Detection in Videos With Tubelet Proposal Networks
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Kang_Object_Detection_in_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

AMVH: Asymmetric Multi-Valued Hashing
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Da_AMVH_Asymmetric_Multi-Valued_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Real-Time 3D Model Tracking in Color and Depth on a Single CPU Core
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Kehl_Real-Time_3D_Model_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Weakly Supervised Action Learning With RNN Based Fine-To-Coarse Modeling
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Richard_Weakly_Supervised_Action_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Differential Angular Imaging for Material Recognition
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Xue_Differential_Angular_Imaging_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Forecasting Interactive Dynamics of Pedestrians With Fictitious Play
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Ma_Forecasting_Interactive_Dynamics_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Real-Time Neural Style Transfer for Videos
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Huang_Real-Time_Neural_Style_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Incremental Kernel Null Space Discriminant Analysis for Novelty Detection
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Liu_Incremental_Kernel_Null_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Self-Calibration-Based Approach to Critical Motion Sequences of Rolling-Shutter Structure From Motion
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Ito_Self-Calibration-Based_Approach_to_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Recurrent 3D Pose Sequence Machines
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Lin_Recurrent_3D_Pose_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Efficient Solvers for Minimal Problems by Syzygy-Based Reduction
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Larsson_Efficient_Solvers_for_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Conditional Similarity Networks
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Veit_Conditional_Similarity_Networks_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Learning From Noisy Large-Scale Datasets With Minimal Supervision
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Veit_Learning_From_Noisy_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Deep Variation-Structured Reinforcement Learning for Visual Relationship and Attribute Detection
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Liang_Deep_Variation-Structured_Reinforcement_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Convolutional Random Walk Networks for Semantic Image Segmentation
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Bertasius_Convolutional_Random_Walk_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Predicting Ground-Level Scene Layout From Aerial Imagery
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Zhai_Predicting_Ground-Level_Scene_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Simple Does It: Weakly Supervised Instance and Semantic Segmentation
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Khoreva_Simple_Does_It_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Fast Fourier Color Constancy
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Barron_Fast_Fourier_Color_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Attend to You: Personalized Image Captioning With Context Sequence Memory Networks
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Park_Attend_to_You_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Scalable Surface Reconstruction From Point Clouds With Extreme Scale and Density Diversity
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Mostegel_Scalable_Surface_Reconstruction_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Weakly Supervised Cascaded Convolutional Networks
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Diba_Weakly_Supervised_Cascaded_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Exclusivity-Consistency Regularized Multi-View Subspace Clustering
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Wang_Exclusivity-Consistency_Regularized_Multi-View_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Look Into Person: Self-Supervised Structure-Sensitive Learning and a New Benchmark for Human Parsing
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Gong_Look_Into_Person_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Semi-Calibrated Near Field Photometric Stereo
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Logothetis_Semi-Calibrated_Near_Field_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Finding Tiny Faces
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Hu_Finding_Tiny_Faces_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Visual-Inertial-Semantic Scene Representation for 3D Object Detection
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Dong_Visual-Inertial-Semantic_Scene_Representation_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

ActionVLAD: Learning Spatio-Temporal Aggregation for Action Classification
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Girdhar_ActionVLAD_Learning_Spatio-Temporal_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Predictive-Corrective Networks for Action Detection
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Dave_Predictive-Corrective_Networks_for_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

FastMask: Segment Multi-Scale Object Candidates in One Shot
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Hu_FastMask_Segment_Multi-Scale_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

A Combinatorial Solution to Non-Rigid 3D Shape-To-Image Matching
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Bernard_A_Combinatorial_Solution_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Interpretable Structure-Evolving LSTM
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Liang_Interpretable_Structure-Evolving_LSTM_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Generating the Future With Adversarial Transformers
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Vondrick_Generating_the_Future_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Budget-Aware Deep Semantic Video Segmentation
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Mahasseni_Budget-Aware_Deep_Semantic_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Spatially Adaptive Computation Time for Residual Networks
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Figurnov_Spatially_Adaptive_Computation_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Order-Preserving Wasserstein Distance for Sequence Matching
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Su_Order-Preserving_Wasserstein_Distance_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Split-Brain Autoencoders: Unsupervised Learning by Cross-Channel Prediction
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Zhang_Split-Brain_Autoencoders_Unsupervised_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

SRN: Side-output Residual Network for Object Symmetry Detection in the Wild
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Ke_SRN_Side-output_Residual_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Spindle Net: Person Re-Identification With Human Body Region Guided Feature Decomposition and Fusion
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Zhao_Spindle_Net_Person_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Borrowing Treasures From the Wealthy: Deep Transfer Learning Through Selective Joint Fine-Tuning
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Ge_Borrowing_Treasures_From_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Unified Embedding and Metric Learning for Zero-Exemplar Event Detection
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Hussein_Unified_Embedding_and_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

A Practical Method for Fully Automatic Intrinsic Camera Calibration Using Directionally Encoded Light
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Tehrani_A_Practical_Method_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Modeling Relationships in Referential Expressions With Compositional Modular Networks
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Hu_Modeling_Relationships_in_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Image-To-Image Translation With Conditional Adversarial Networks
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Isola_Image-To-Image_Translation_With_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Counting Everyday Objects in Everyday Scenes
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Chattopadhyay_Counting_Everyday_Objects_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Hand Keypoint Detection in Single Images Using Multiview Bootstrapping
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Simon_Hand_Keypoint_Detection_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Knowledge Acquisition for Visual Question Answering via Iterative Querying
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Zhu_Knowledge_Acquisition_for_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Few-Shot Object Recognition From Machine-Labeled Web Images
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Xu_Few-Shot_Object_Recognition_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

The VQA-Machine: Learning How to Use Existing Vision Algorithms to Answer New Questions
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Wang_The_VQA-Machine_Learning_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Learning Deep Binary Descriptor With Multi-Quantization
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Duan_Learning_Deep_Binary_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Joint Discriminative Bayesian Dictionary and Classifier Learning
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Akhtar_Joint_Discriminative_Bayesian_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

A Graph Regularized Deep Neural Network for Unsupervised Image Representation Learning
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Yang_A_Graph_Regularized_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

HSfM: Hybrid Structure-from-Motion
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Cui_HSfM_Hybrid_Structure-from-Motion_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Perceptual Generative Adversarial Networks for Small Object Detection
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Li_Perceptual_Generative_Adversarial_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Deep Roots: Improving CNN Efficiency With Hierarchical Filter Groups
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Ioannou_Deep_Roots_Improving_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Anti-Glare: Tightly Constrained Optimization for Eyeglass Reflection Removal
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Sandhan_Anti-Glare_Tightly_Constrained_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Xception: Deep Learning With Depthwise Separable Convolutions
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Chollet_Xception_Deep_Learning_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Learning Detailed Face Reconstruction From a Single Image
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Richardson_Learning_Detailed_Face_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Stereo-Based 3D Reconstruction of Dynamic Fluid Surfaces by Global Optimization
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Qian_Stereo-Based_3D_Reconstruction_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Deep Video Deblurring for Hand-Held Cameras
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Su_Deep_Video_Deblurring_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Accurate Optical Flow via Direct Cost Volume Processing
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Xu_Accurate_Optical_Flow_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Weakly Supervised Actor-Action Segmentation via Robust Multi-Task Ranking
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Yan_Weakly_Supervised_Actor-Action_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Feedback Networks
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Zamir_Feedback_Networks_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Re-Ranking Person Re-Identification With k-Reciprocal Encoding
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Zhong_Re-Ranking_Person_Re-Identification_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Deep Visual-Semantic Quantization for Efficient Image Retrieval
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Cao_Deep_Visual-Semantic_Quantization_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Sequential Person Recognition in Photo Albums With a Recurrent Network
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Li_Sequential_Person_Recognition_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

ViP-CNN: Visual Phrase Guided Convolutional Neural Network
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Li_ViP-CNN_Visual_Phrase_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Deep Joint Rain Detection and Removal From a Single Image
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Yang_Deep_Joint_Rain_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Person Re-Identification in the Wild
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Zheng_Person_Re-Identification_in_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Deep Self-Taught Learning for Weakly Supervised Object Localization
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Jie_Deep_Self-Taught_Learning_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

KillingFusion: Non-Rigid 3D Reconstruction Without Correspondences
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Slavcheva_KillingFusion_Non-Rigid_3D_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Context-Aware Correlation Filter Tracking
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Mueller_Context-Aware_Correlation_Filter_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Missing Modalities Imputation via Cascaded Residual Autoencoder
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Tran_Missing_Modalities_Imputation_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Disentangled Representation Learning GAN for Pose-Invariant Face Recognition
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Tran_Disentangled_Representation_Learning_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Discretely Coding Semantic Rank Orders for Supervised Image Hashing
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Liu_Discretely_Coding_Semantic_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

NID-SLAM: Robust Monocular SLAM Using Normalised Information Distance
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Pascoe_NID-SLAM_Robust_Monocular_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Efficient Optimization for Hierarchically-structured Interacting Segments (HINTS)
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Isack_Efficient_Optimization_for_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

SCC: Semantic Context Cascade for Efficient Action Detection
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Heilbron_SCC_Semantic_Context_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Semantic Amodal Segmentation
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Zhu_Semantic_Amodal_Segmentation_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Deep Sequential Context Networks for Action Prediction
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Kong_Deep_Sequential_Context_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Comparative Evaluation of Hand-Crafted and Learned Local Features
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Schonberger_Comparative_Evaluation_of_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Aggregated Residual Transformations for Deep Neural Networks
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Xie_Aggregated_Residual_Transformations_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Predicting Behaviors of Basketball Players From First Person Videos
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Su_Predicting_Behaviors_of_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Synthesizing 3D Shapes via Modeling Multi-View Depth Maps and Silhouettes With Deep Generative Networks
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Soltani_Synthesizing_3D_Shapes_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Memory-Augmented Attribute Manipulation Networks for Interactive Fashion Search
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Zhao_Memory-Augmented_Attribute_Manipulation_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Spatiotemporal Pyramid Network for Video Action Recognition
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Wang_Spatiotemporal_Pyramid_Network_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Reconstructing Transient Images From Single-Photon Sensors
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/OToole_Reconstructing_Transient_Images_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Dynamic Facial Analysis: From Bayesian Filtering to Recurrent Neural Network
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Gu_Dynamic_Facial_Analysis_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Polarimetric Multi-View Stereo
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Cui_Polarimetric_Multi-View_Stereo_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Object Region Mining With Adversarial Erasing: A Simple Classification to Semantic Segmentation Approach
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Wei_Object_Region_Mining_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

MIML-FCN+: Multi-Instance Multi-Label Learning via Fully Convolutional Networks With Privileged Information
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Yang_MIML-FCN_Multi-Instance_Multi-Label_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Benchmarking Denoising Algorithms With Real Photographs
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Plotz_Benchmarking_Denoising_Algorithms_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

A Dual Ascent Framework for Lagrangean Decomposition of Combinatorial Problems
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Swoboda_A_Dual_Ascent_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

A Study of Lagrangean Decompositions and Dual Ascent Solvers for Graph Matching
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Swoboda_A_Study_of_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

A Message Passing Algorithm for the Minimum Cost Multicut Problem
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Swoboda_A_Message_Passing_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

From Zero-Shot Learning to Conventional Supervised Classification: Unseen Visual Data Synthesis
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Long_From_Zero-Shot_Learning_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Are Large-Scale 3D Models Really Necessary for Accurate Visual Localization?
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Sattler_Are_Large-Scale_3D_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Global Context-Aware Attention LSTM Networks for 3D Action Recognition
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Liu_Global_Context-Aware_Attention_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Hierarchical Boundary-Aware Neural Encoder for Video Captioning
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Baraldi_Hierarchical_Boundary-Aware_Neural_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Emotion Recognition in Context
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Kosti_Emotion_Recognition_in_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Deep Learning of Human Visual Sensitivity in Image Quality Assessment Framework
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Kim_Deep_Learning_of_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Learning Non-Lambertian Object Intrinsics Across ShapeNet Categories
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Shi_Learning_Non-Lambertian_Object_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Collaborative Deep Reinforcement Learning for Joint Object Search
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Kong_Collaborative_Deep_Reinforcement_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Automatic Understanding of Image and Video Advertisements
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Hussain_Automatic_Understanding_of_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

FFTLasso: Large-Scale LASSO in the Fourier Domain
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Bibi_FFTLasso_Large-Scale_LASSO_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Multi-Modal Mean-Fields via Cardinality-Based Clamping
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Baque_Multi-Modal_Mean-Fields_via_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

A Unified Approach of Multi-Scale Deep and Hand-Crafted Features for Defocus Estimation
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Park_A_Unified_Approach_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Semantic Scene Completion From a Single Depth Image
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Song_Semantic_Scene_Completion_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Fine-To-Coarse Global Registration of RGB-D Scans
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Halber_Fine-To-Coarse_Global_Registration_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Universal Adversarial Perturbations
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Moosavi-Dezfooli_Universal_Adversarial_Perturbations_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Saliency Revisited: Analysis of Mouse Movements Versus Fixations
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Tavakoli_Saliency_Revisited_Analysis_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Online Summarization via Submodular and Convex Optimization
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Elhamifar_Online_Summarization_via_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

From Red Wine to Red Tomato: Composition With Context
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Misra_From_Red_Wine_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

3DMatch: Learning Local Geometric Descriptors From RGB-D Reconstructions
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Zeng_3DMatch_Learning_Local_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Superpixel-Based Tracking-By-Segmentation Using Markov Chains
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Yeo_Superpixel-Based_Tracking-By-Segmentation_Using_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Quad-Networks: Unsupervised Learning to Rank for Interest Point Detection
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Savinov_Quad-Networks_Unsupervised_Learning_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Multi-Context Attention for Human Pose Estimation
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Chu_Multi-Context_Attention_for_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Action Unit Detection With Region Adaptation, Multi-Labeling Learning and Optimal Temporal Fusing
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Li_Action_Unit_Detection_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Unsupervised Learning of Depth and Ego-Motion From Video
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Zhou_Unsupervised_Learning_of_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Joint Geometrical and Statistical Alignment for Visual Domain Adaptation
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Zhang_Joint_Geometrical_and_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Jointly Learning Energy Expenditures and Activities Using Egocentric Multimodal Signals
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Nakamura_Jointly_Learning_Energy_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Attend in Groups: A Weakly-Supervised Deep Learning Framework for Learning From Web Data
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Zhuang_Attend_in_Groups_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

An Exact Penalty Method for Locally Convergent Maximum Consensus
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Le_An_Exact_Penalty_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

StyleBank: An Explicit Representation for Neural Image Style Transfer
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Chen_StyleBank_An_Explicit_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Multi-View 3D Object Detection Network for Autonomous Driving
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Chen_Multi-View_3D_Object_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Weakly Supervised Dense Video Captioning
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Shen_Weakly_Supervised_Dense_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

RefineNet: Multi-Path Refinement Networks for High-Resolution Semantic Segmentation
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Lin_RefineNet_Multi-Path_Refinement_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

General Models for Rational Cameras and the Case of Two-Slit Projections
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Trager_General_Models_for_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Making Deep Neural Networks Robust to Label Noise: A Loss Correction Approach
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Patrini_Making_Deep_Neural_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Semantic Segmentation via Structured Patch Prediction, Context CRF and Guidance CRF
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Shen_Semantic_Segmentation_via_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Deep Matching Prior Network: Toward Tighter Multi-Oriented Text Detection
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Liu_Deep_Matching_Prior_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Person Search With Natural Language Description
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Li_Person_Search_With_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Analyzing Computer Vision Data - The Good, the Bad and the Ugly
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Zendel_Analyzing_Computer_Vision_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

3D Convolutional Neural Networks for Efficient and Robust Hand Pose Estimation From Single Depth Images
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Ge_3D_Convolutional_Neural_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

iCaRL: Incremental Classifier and Representation Learning
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Rebuffi_iCaRL_Incremental_Classifier_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

PoseTrack: Joint Multi-Person Pose Estimation and Tracking
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Iqbal_PoseTrack_Joint_Multi-Person_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Learning a Deep Embedding Model for Zero-Shot Learning
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Zhang_Learning_a_Deep_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

MCMLSD: A Dynamic Programming Approach to Line Segment Detection
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Almazan_MCMLSD_A_Dynamic_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Deep MANTA: A Coarse-To-Fine Many-Task Network for Joint 2D and 3D Vehicle Analysis From Monocular Image
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Chabot_Deep_MANTA_A_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Low-Rank Embedded Ensemble Semantic Dictionary for Zero-Shot Learning
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Ding_Low-Rank_Embedded_Ensemble_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Nonnegative Matrix Underapproximation for Robust Multiple Model Fitting
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Tepper_Nonnegative_Matrix_Underapproximation_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

BIND: Binary Integrated Net Descriptors for Texture-Less Object Recognition
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Chan_BIND_Binary_Integrated_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Efficient Diffusion on Region Manifolds: Recovering Small Objects With Compact CNN Representations
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Iscen_Efficient_Diffusion_on_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

S2F: Slow-To-Fast Interpolator Flow
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Yang_S2F_Slow-To-Fast_Interpolator_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

ChestX-ray8: Hospital-Scale Chest X-Ray Database and Benchmarks on Weakly-Supervised Classification and Localization of Common Thorax Diseases
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Wang_ChestX-ray8_Hospital-Scale_Chest_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Learning From Simulated and Unsupervised Images Through Adversarial Training
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Shrivastava_Learning_From_Simulated_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Feature Pyramid Networks for Object Detection
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Lin_Feature_Pyramid_Networks_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Loss Max-Pooling for Semantic Image Segmentation
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Bulo_Loss_Max-Pooling_for_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Learned Contextual Feature Reweighting for Image Geo-Localization
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Kim_Learned_Contextual_Feature_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

On the Effectiveness of Visible Watermarks
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Dekel_On_the_Effectiveness_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Deep View Morphing
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Ji_Deep_View_Morphing_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Designing Illuminant Spectral Power Distributions for Surface Classification
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Blasinski_Designing_Illuminant_Spectral_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

End-To-End Learning of Driving Models From Large-Scale Video Datasets
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Xu_End-To-End_Learning_of_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Unsupervised Visual-Linguistic Reference Resolution in Instructional Videos
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Huang_Unsupervised_Visual-Linguistic_Reference_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Dense Captioning With Joint Inference and Visual Context
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Yang_Dense_Captioning_With_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Unsupervised Learning of Long-Term Motion Dynamics for Videos
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Luo_Unsupervised_Learning_of_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

CLKN: Cascaded Lucas-Kanade Networks for Image Alignment
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Chang_CLKN_Cascaded_Lucas-Kanade_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Agent-Centric Risk Assessment: Accident Anticipation and Risky Region Localization
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Zeng_Agent-Centric_Risk_Assessment_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

ShapeOdds: Variational Bayesian Learning of Generative Shape Models
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Elhabian_ShapeOdds_Variational_Bayesian_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Expecting the Unexpected: Training Detectors for Unusual Pedestrians With Adversarial Imposters
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Huang_Expecting_the_Unexpected_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

ER3: A Unified Framework for Event Retrieval, Recognition and Recounting
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Gao_ER3_A_Unified_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Outlier-Robust Tensor PCA
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Zhou_Outlier-Robust_Tensor_PCA_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Mind the Class Weight Bias: Weighted Maximum Mean Discrepancy for Unsupervised Domain Adaptation
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Yan_Mind_the_Class_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

SyncSpecCNN: Synchronized Spectral CNN for 3D Shape Segmentation
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Yi_SyncSpecCNN_Synchronized_Spectral_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Unrolling the Shutter: CNN to Correct Motion Distortions
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Rengarajan_Unrolling_the_Shutter_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Deep Level Sets for Salient Object Detection
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Hu_Deep_Level_Sets_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Instance-Aware Image and Sentence Matching With Selective Multimodal LSTM
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Huang_Instance-Aware_Image_and_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

From Motion Blur to Motion Flow: A Deep Learning Solution for Removing Heterogeneous Motion Blur
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Gong_From_Motion_Blur_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Deep Temporal Linear Encoding Networks
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Diba_Deep_Temporal_Linear_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

End-To-End Training of Hybrid CNN-CRF Models for Stereo
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Knobelreiter_End-To-End_Training_of_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Deep Feature Flow for Video Recognition
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Zhu_Deep_Feature_Flow_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Fully Convolutional Instance-Aware Semantic Segmentation
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Li_Fully_Convolutional_Instance-Aware_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Truncated Max-Of-Convex Models
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Pansari_Truncated_Max-Of-Convex_Models_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Asymmetric Feature Maps With Application to Sketch Based Retrieval
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Tolias_Asymmetric_Feature_Maps_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Instance-Level Salient Object Segmentation
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Li_Instance-Level_Salient_Object_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Kernel Square-Loss Exemplar Machines for Image Retrieval
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Rezende_Kernel_Square-Loss_Exemplar_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Direct Photometric Alignment by Mesh Deformation
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Lin_Direct_Photometric_Alignment_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Semantic Multi-View Stereo: Jointly Estimating Objects and Voxels
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Ulusoy_Semantic_Multi-View_Stereo_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

HOPE: Hierarchical Object Prototype Encoding for Efficient Object Instance Search in Videos
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Yu_HOPE_Hierarchical_Object_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Learning Adaptive Receptive Fields for Deep Image Parsing Network
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Wei_Learning_Adaptive_Receptive_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Contour-Constrained Superpixels for Image and Video Processing
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Lee_Contour-Constrained_Superpixels_for_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Learning to Predict Stereo Reliability Enforcing Local Consistency of Confidence Maps
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Poggi_Learning_to_Predict_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

FlowNet 2.0: Evolution of Optical Flow Estimation With Deep Networks
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Ilg_FlowNet_2.0_Evolution_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Growing a Brain: Fine-Tuning by Increasing Model Capacity
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Wang_Growing_a_Brain_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Dynamic Attention-Controlled Cascaded Shape Regression Exploiting Training Data Augmentation and Fuzzy-Set Sample Weighting
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Feng_Dynamic_Attention-Controlled_Cascaded_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Additive Component Analysis
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Murdock_Additive_Component_Analysis_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Lifting From the Deep: Convolutional 3D Pose Estimation From a Single Image
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Tome_Lifting_From_the_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Attentional Push: A Deep Convolutional Network for Augmenting Image Salience With Shared Attention Modeling in Social Scenes
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Gorji_Attentional_Push_A_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Fine-Grained Recognition as HSnet Search for Informative Image Parts
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Lam_Fine-Grained_Recognition_as_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Scalable Person Re-Identification on Supervised Smoothed Manifold
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Bai_Scalable_Person_Re-Identification_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Riemannian Nonlinear Mixed Effects Models: Analyzing Longitudinal Deformations in Neuroimaging
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Kim_Riemannian_Nonlinear_Mixed_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Detecting Oriented Text in Natural Images by Linking Segments
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Shi_Detecting_Oriented_Text_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Diverse Image Annotation
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Wu_Diverse_Image_Annotation_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Inverse Compositional Spatial Transformer Networks
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Lin_Inverse_Compositional_Spatial_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Factorized Variational Autoencoders for Modeling Audience Reactions to Movies
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Deng_Factorized_Variational_Autoencoders_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Adversarially Tuned Scene Generation
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Veeravasarapu_Adversarially_Tuned_Scene_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Binge Watching: Scaling Affordance Learning From Sitcoms
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Wang_Binge_Watching_Scaling_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

A-Fast-RCNN: Hard Positive Generation via Adversary for Object Detection
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Wang_A-Fast-RCNN_Hard_Positive_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Cognitive Mapping and Planning for Visual Navigation
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Gupta_Cognitive_Mapping_and_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Multi-View Supervision for Single-View Reconstruction via Differentiable Ray Consistency
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Tulsiani_Multi-View_Supervision_for_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Learning Shape Abstractions by Assembling Volumetric Primitives
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Tulsiani_Learning_Shape_Abstractions_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

AMC: Attention guided Multi-modal Correlation Learning for Image Search
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Chen_AMC_Attention_guided_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Bidirectional Multirate Reconstruction for Temporal Modeling in Videos
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Zhu_Bidirectional_Multirate_Reconstruction_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Learning Video Object Segmentation From Static Images
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Perazzi_Learning_Video_Object_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

The More You Know: Using Knowledge Graphs for Image Classification
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Marino_The_More_You_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Detecting Masked Faces in the Wild With LLE-CNNs
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Ge_Detecting_Masked_Faces_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

UltraStereo: Efficient Learning-Based Matching for Active Stereo Systems
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Fanello_UltraStereo_Efficient_Learning-Based_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Learning Features by Watching Objects Move
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Pathak_Learning_Features_by_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Action-Decision Networks for Visual Tracking With Deep Reinforcement Learning
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Yun_Action-Decision_Networks_for_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Multi-Attention Network for One Shot Learning
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Wang_Multi-Attention_Network_for_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

G2DeNet: Global Gaussian Distribution Embedding Network and Its Application to Visual Recognition
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Wang_G2DeNet_Global_Gaussian_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Depth From Defocus in the Wild
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Tang_Depth_From_Defocus_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Fried Binary Embedding for High-Dimensional Visual Features
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Hong_Fried_Binary_Embedding_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

TGIF-QA: Toward Spatio-Temporal Reasoning in Visual Question Answering
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Jang_TGIF-QA_Toward_Spatio-Temporal_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Joint Registration and Representation Learning for Unconstrained Face Identification
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Hayat_Joint_Registration_and_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Object-Aware Dense Semantic Correspondence
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Yang_Object-Aware_Dense_Semantic_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

The Misty Three Point Algorithm for Relative Pose
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Palmer_The_Misty_Three_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Weakly Supervised Affordance Detection
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Sawatzky_Weakly_Supervised_Affordance_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

End-To-End Representation Learning for Correlation Filter Based Tracking
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Valmadre_End-To-End_Representation_Learning_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Accurate Depth and Normal Maps From Occlusion-Aware Focal Stack Symmetry
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Strecke_Accurate_Depth_and_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

3D Human Pose Estimation From a Single Image via Distance Matrix Regression
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Moreno-Noguer_3D_Human_Pose_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Zero-Shot Action Recognition With Error-Correcting Output Codes
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Qin_Zero-Shot_Action_Recognition_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Multiple Instance Detection Network With Online Instance Classifier Refinement
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Tang_Multiple_Instance_Detection_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Reliable Crowdsourcing and Deep Locality-Preserving Learning for Expression Recognition in the Wild
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Li_Reliable_Crowdsourcing_and_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Deep Sketch Hashing: Fast Free-Hand Sketch-Based Image Retrieval
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Liu_Deep_Sketch_Hashing_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Semantic Regularisation for Recurrent Image Annotation
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Liu_Semantic_Regularisation_for_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Pyramid Scene Parsing Network
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Zhao_Pyramid_Scene_Parsing_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

On Human Motion Prediction Using Recurrent Neural Networks
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Martinez_On_Human_Motion_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

CLEVR: A Diagnostic Dataset for Compositional Language and Elementary Visual Reasoning
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Johnson_CLEVR_A_Diagnostic_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

SST: Single-Stream Temporal Action Proposals
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Buch_SST_Single-Stream_Temporal_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Kernel Pooling for Convolutional Neural Networks
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Cui_Kernel_Pooling_for_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Subspace Clustering via Variance Regularized Ridge Regression
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Peng_Subspace_Clustering_via_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Efficient Global Point Cloud Alignment Using Bayesian Nonparametric Mixtures
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Straub_Efficient_Global_Point_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

The Incremental Multiresolution Matrix Factorization Algorithm
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Ithapu_The_Incremental_Multiresolution_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

CATS: A Color and Thermal Stereo Benchmark
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Treible_CATS_A_Color_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Deep Image Matting
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Xu_Deep_Image_Matting_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

The Surfacing of Multiview 3D Drawings via Lofting and Occlusion Reasoning
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Usumezbas_The_Surfacing_of_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

One-Shot Metric Learning for Person Re-Identification
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Bak_One-Shot_Metric_Learning_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Richer Convolutional Features for Edge Detection
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Liu_Richer_Convolutional_Features_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Video Segmentation via Multiple Granularity Analysis
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Yang_Video_Segmentation_via_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Learning Cross-Modal Embeddings for Cooking Recipes and Food Images
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Salvador_Learning_Cross-Modal_Embeddings_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Locality-Sensitive Deconvolution Networks With Gated Fusion for RGB-D Indoor Semantic Segmentation
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Cheng_Locality-Sensitive_Deconvolution_Networks_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

One-To-Many Network for Visually Pleasing Compression Artifacts Reduction
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Guo_One-To-Many_Network_for_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Recurrent Modeling of Interaction Context for Collective Activity Recognition
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Wang_Recurrent_Modeling_of_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Hierarchical Multimodal Metric Learning for Multimodal Classification
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Zhang_Hierarchical_Multimodal_Metric_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Probabilistic Temporal Subspace Clustering
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Gholami_Probabilistic_Temporal_Subspace_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Detecting Visual Relationships With Deep Relational Networks
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Dai_Detecting_Visual_Relationships_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Discover and Learn New Objects From Documentaries
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Chen_Discover_and_Learn_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Spatio-Temporal Vector of Locally Max Pooled Features for Action Recognition in Videos
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Duta_Spatio-Temporal_Vector_of_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Specular Highlight Removal in Facial Images
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Li_Specular_Highlight_Removal_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Radiometric Calibration From Faces in Images
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Li_Radiometric_Calibration_From_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

What Can Help Pedestrian Detection?
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Mao_What_Can_Help_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

StyleNet: Generating Attractive Visual Captions With Styles
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Gan_StyleNet_Generating_Attractive_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Image Super-Resolution via Deep Recursive Residual Network
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Tai_Image_Super-Resolution_via_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Residual Attention Network for Image Classification
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Wang_Residual_Attention_Network_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

End-To-End Concept Word Detection for Video Captioning, Retrieval, and Question Answering
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Yu_End-To-End_Concept_Word_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Semantic Autoencoder for Zero-Shot Learning
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Kodirov_Semantic_Autoencoder_for_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Co-Occurrence Filter
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Jevnisek_Co-Occurrence_Filter_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Not All Pixels Are Equal: Difficulty-Aware Semantic Segmentation via Deep Layer Cascade
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Li_Not_All_Pixels_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Deeply Supervised Salient Object Detection With Short Connections
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Hou_Deeply_Supervised_Salient_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

CityPersons: A Diverse Dataset for Pedestrian Detection
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Zhang_CityPersons_A_Diverse_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Generalized Rank Pooling for Activity Recognition
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Cherian_Generalized_Rank_Pooling_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Deep Cross-Modal Hashing
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Jiang_Deep_Cross-Modal_Hashing_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Revisiting Metric Learning for SPD Matrix Based Visual Representation
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Zhou_Revisiting_Metric_Learning_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

CNN-Based Patch Matching for Optical Flow With Thresholded Hinge Embedding Loss
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Bailer_CNN-Based_Patch_Matching_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

A Multi-View Stereo Benchmark With High-Resolution Images and Multi-Camera Videos
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Schops_A_Multi-View_Stereo_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Snapshot Hyperspectral Light Field Imaging
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Xiong_Snapshot_Hyperspectral_Light_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Zero-Shot Recognition Using Dual Visual-Semantic Mapping Paths
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Li_Zero-Shot_Recognition_Using_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

A New Representation of Skeleton Sequences for 3D Action Recognition
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Ke_A_New_Representation_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Efficient Linear Programming for Dense CRFs
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Ajanthan_Efficient_Linear_Programming_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Learning Deep Match Kernels for Image-Set Classification
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Sun_Learning_Deep_Match_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

A Deep Regression Architecture With Two-Stage Re-Initialization for High Performance Facial Landmark Detection
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Lv_A_Deep_Regression_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Product Manifold Filter: Non-Rigid Shape Correspondence via Kernel Density Estimation in the Product Space
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Vestner_Product_Manifold_Filter_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Elastic Shape-From-Template With Spatially Sparse Deforming Forces
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Malti_Elastic_Shape-From-Template_With_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

A General Framework for Curve and Surface Comparison and Registration With Oriented Varifolds
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Kaltenmark_A_General_Framework_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

BranchOut: Regularization for Online Ensemble Tracking With Convolutional Neural Networks
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Han_BranchOut_Regularization_for_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Expert Gate: Lifelong Learning With a Network of Experts
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Aljundi_Expert_Gate_Lifelong_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

AdaScan: Adaptive Scan Pooling in Deep Convolutional Neural Networks for Human Action Recognition in Videos
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Kar_AdaScan_Adaptive_Scan_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Learning Motion Patterns in Videos
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Tokmakov_Learning_Motion_Patterns_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Provable Self-Representation Based Outlier Detection in a Union of Subspaces
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/You_Provable_Self-Representation_Based_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Deep Structured Learning for Facial Action Unit Intensity Estimation
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Walecki_Deep_Structured_Learning_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Joint Detection and Identification Feature Learning for Person Search
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Xiao_Joint_Detection_and_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Learning to Align Semantic Segmentation and 2.5D Maps for Geolocalization
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Armagan_Learning_to_Align_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

LCR-Net: Localization-Classification-Regression for Human Pose
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Rogez_LCR-Net_Localization-Classification-Regression_for_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Primary Object Segmentation in Videos Based on Region Augmentation and Reduction
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Koh_Primary_Object_Segmentation_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Deep 360 Pilot: Learning a Deep Agent for Piloting Through 360deg Sports Videos
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Hu_Deep_360_Pilot_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Learning and Refining of Privileged Information-Based RNNs for Action Recognition From Depth Sequences
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Shi_Learning_and_Refining_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Simultaneous Facial Landmark Detection, Pose and Deformation Estimation Under Facial Occlusion
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Wu_Simultaneous_Facial_Landmark_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

A Domain Based Approach to Social Relation Recognition
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Sun_A_Domain_Based_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Fractal Dimension Invariant Filtering and Its CNN-Based Implementation
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Xu_Fractal_Dimension_Invariant_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Transformation-Grounded Image Generation Network for Novel 3D View Synthesis
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Park_Transformation-Grounded_Image_Generation_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Noise-Blind Image Deblurring
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Jin_Noise-Blind_Image_Deblurring_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Multi-Scale FCN With Cascaded Instance Aware Segmentation for Arbitrary Oriented Word Spotting in the Wild
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/He_Multi-Scale_FCN_With_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Combining Bottom-Up, Top-Down, and Smoothness Cues for Weakly Supervised Image Segmentation
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Roy_Combining_Bottom-Up_Top-Down_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Multiple People Tracking by Lifted Multicut and Person Re-Identification
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Tang_Multiple_People_Tracking_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Filter Flow Made Practical: Massively Parallel and Lock-Free
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Ravi_Filter_Flow_Made_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Acquiring Axially-Symmetric Transparent Objects Using Single-View Transmission Imaging
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Kim_Acquiring_Axially-Symmetric_Transparent_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Online Graph Completion: Multivariate Signal Recovery in Computer Vision
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Kim_Online_Graph_Completion_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

OctNet: Learning Deep 3D Representations at High Resolutions
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Riegler_OctNet_Learning_Deep_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Non-Local Color Image Denoising With Convolutional Neural Networks
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Lefkimmiatis_Non-Local_Color_Image_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Slow Flow: Exploiting High-Speed Cameras for Accurate and Diverse Optical Flow Reference Data
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Janai_Slow_Flow_Exploiting_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Cross-View Image Matching for Geo-Localization in Urban Environments
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Tian_Cross-View_Image_Matching_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Improving Pairwise Ranking for Multi-Label Image Classification
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Li_Improving_Pairwise_Ranking_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Webly Supervised Semantic Segmentation
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Jin_Webly_Supervised_Semantic_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Self-Supervised Video Representation Learning With Odd-One-Out Networks
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Fernando_Self-Supervised_Video_Representation_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Fast Video Classification via Adaptive Cascading of Deep Models
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Shen_Fast_Video_Classification_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Non-Contact Full Field Vibration Measurement Based on Phase-Shifting
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Kayaba_Non-Contact_Full_Field_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

FusionSeg: Learning to Combine Motion and Appearance for Fully Automatic Segmentation of Generic Objects in Videos
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Jain_FusionSeg_Learning_to_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Variational Autoencoded Regression: High Dimensional Regression of Visual Data on Complex Manifold
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Yoo_Variational_Autoencoded_Regression_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Temporal Action Localization by Structured Maximal Sums
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Yuan_Temporal_Action_Localization_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Dynamic Edge-Conditioned Filters in Convolutional Neural Networks on Graphs
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Simonovsky_Dynamic_Edge-Conditioned_Filters_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Synthesizing Normalized Faces From Facial Identity Features
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Cole_Synthesizing_Normalized_Faces_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Task-Driven Dynamic Fusion: Reducing Ambiguity in Video Description
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Zhang_Task-Driven_Dynamic_Fusion_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Unsupervised Pixel-Level Domain Adaptation With Generative Adversarial Networks
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Bousmalis_Unsupervised_Pixel-Level_Domain_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Simultaneous Visual Data Completion and Denoising Based on Tensor Rank and Total Variation Minimization and Its Primal-Dual Splitting Algorithm
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Yokota_Simultaneous_Visual_Data_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Point to Set Similarity Based Deep Feature Learning for Person Re-Identification
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Zhou_Point_to_Set_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Gated Feedback Refinement Network for Dense Image Labeling
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Islam_Gated_Feedback_Refinement_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Hallucinating Very Low-Resolution Unaligned and Noisy Face Images by Transformative Discriminative Autoencoders
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Yu_Hallucinating_Very_Low-Resolution_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Learning Dynamic Guidance for Depth Image Enhancement
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Gu_Learning_Dynamic_Guidance_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

3D Shape Segmentation With Projective Convolutional Networks
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Kalogerakis_3D_Shape_Segmentation_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Deep Image Harmonization
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Tsai_Deep_Image_Harmonization_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Matrix Tri-Factorization With Manifold Regularizations for Zero-Shot Learning
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Xu_Matrix_Tri-Factorization_With_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Spatio-Temporal Alignment of Non-Overlapping Sequences From Independently Panning Cameras
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Safdarnejad_Spatio-Temporal_Alignment_of_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Learning Fully Convolutional Networks for Iterative Non-Blind Deconvolution
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Zhang_Learning_Fully_Convolutional_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Seeing Into Darkness: Scotopic Visual Recognition
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Chen_Seeing_Into_Darkness_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Distinguishing the Indistinguishable: Exploring Structural Ambiguities via Geodesic Context
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Yan_Distinguishing_the_Indistinguishable_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Learning an Invariant Hilbert Space for Domain Adaptation
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Herath_Learning_an_Invariant_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Removing Rain From Single Images via a Deep Detail Network
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Fu_Removing_Rain_From_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Binarized Mode Seeking for Scalable Visual Pattern Discovery
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Zhang_Binarized_Mode_Seeking_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Fast Person Re-Identification via Cross-Camera Semantic Binary Transformation
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Chen_Fast_Person_Re-Identification_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Deep Multi-Scale Convolutional Neural Network for Dynamic Scene Deblurring
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Nah_Deep_Multi-Scale_Convolutional_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Deep Crisp Boundaries
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Wang_Deep_Crisp_Boundaries_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Learning Multifunctional Binary Codes for Both Category and Attribute Oriented Retrieval Tasks
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Liu_Learning_Multifunctional_Binary_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Generative Face Completion
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Li_Generative_Face_Completion_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Diversified Texture Synthesis With Feed-Forward Networks
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Li_Diversified_Texture_Synthesis_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Learning Deep CNN Denoiser Prior for Image Restoration
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Zhang_Learning_Deep_CNN_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Fast Multi-Frame Stereo Scene Flow With Motion Segmentation
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Taniai_Fast_Multi-Frame_Stereo_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

DeepPermNet: Visual Permutation Learning
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Santa_Cruz_DeepPermNet_Visual_Permutation_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Light Field Blind Motion Deblurring
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Srinivasan_Light_Field_Blind_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Wetness and Color From a Single Multispectral Image
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Shimano_Wetness_and_Color_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Seeing Invisible Poses: Estimating 3D Body Pose From Egocentric Video
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Jiang_Seeing_Invisible_Poses_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Controlling Perceptual Factors in Neural Style Transfer
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Gatys_Controlling_Perceptual_Factors_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Learning to Rank Retargeted Images
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Chen_Learning_to_Rank_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Image Deblurring via Extreme Channels Prior
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Yan_Image_Deblurring_via_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Fixed-Point Factorized Networks
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Wang_Fixed-Point_Factorized_Networks_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Large Margin Object Tracking With Circulant Feature Maps
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Wang_Large_Margin_Object_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Learning Residual Images for Face Attribute Manipulation
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Shen_Learning_Residual_Images_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

One-Shot Hyperspectral Imaging Using Faced Reflectors
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Takatani_One-Shot_Hyperspectral_Imaging_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Video2Shop: Exact Matching Clothes in Videos to Online Shopping Images
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Cheng_Video2Shop_Exact_Matching_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

A Novel Tensor-Based Video Rain Streaks Removal Approach via Utilizing Discriminatively Intrinsic Priors
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Jiang_A_Novel_Tensor-Based_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

DeshadowNet: A Multi-Context Embedding Deep Network for Shadow Removal
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Qu_DeshadowNet_A_Multi-Context_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Generalized Semantic Preserving Hashing for N-Label Cross-Modal Retrieval
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Mandal_Generalized_Semantic_Preserving_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

FC4: Fully Convolutional Color Constancy With Confidence-Weighted Pooling
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Hu_FC4_Fully_Convolutional_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Template-Based Monocular 3D Recovery of Elastic Shapes Using Lagrangian Multipliers
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Haouchine_Template-Based_Monocular_3D_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Discriminative Optimization: Theory and Applications to Point Cloud Registration
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Vongkulbhisal_Discriminative_Optimization_Theory_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Fine-Grained Recognition of Thousands of Object Categories With Single-Example Training
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Karlinsky_Fine-Grained_Recognition_of_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Deep Co-Occurrence Feature Learning for Visual Object Recognition
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Shih_Deep_Co-Occurrence_Feature_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

A Gift From Knowledge Distillation: Fast Optimization, Network Minimization and Transfer Learning
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Yim_A_Gift_From_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

What Is and What Is Not a Salient Object? Learning Salient Object Detector by Ensembling Linear Exemplar Regressors
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Xia_What_Is_and_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Full-Resolution Residual Networks for Semantic Segmentation in Street Scenes
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Pohlen_Full-Resolution_Residual_Networks_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Optical Flow Estimation Using a Spatial Pyramid Network
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Ranjan_Optical_Flow_Estimation_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Spatio-Temporal Naive-Bayes Nearest-Neighbor (ST-NBNN) for Skeleton-Based Action Recognition
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Weng_Spatio-Temporal_Naive-Bayes_Nearest-Neighbor_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

GMS: Grid-based Motion Statistics for Fast, Ultra-Robust Feature Correspondence
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Bian_GMS_Grid-based_Motion_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Detailed, Accurate, Human Shape Estimation From Clothed 3D Scan Sequences
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Zhang_Detailed_Accurate_Human_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Active Convolution: Learning the Shape of Convolution for Image Classification
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Jeon_Active_Convolution_Learning_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Video Desnowing and Deraining Based on Matrix Decomposition
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Ren_Video_Desnowing_and_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Thin-Slicing Network: A Deep Structured Model for Pose Estimation in Videos
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Song_Thin-Slicing_Network_A_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Self-Supervised Learning of Visual Features Through Embedding Images Into Text Topic Spaces
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Gomez_Self-Supervised_Learning_of_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Coarse-To-Fine Segmentation With Shape-Tailored Continuum Scale Spaces
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Khan_Coarse-To-Fine_Segmentation_With_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Minimum Delay Moving Object Detection
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Lao_Minimum_Delay_Moving_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Hyper-Laplacian Regularized Unidirectional Low-Rank Tensor Recovery for Multispectral Image Denoising
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Chang_Hyper-Laplacian_Regularized_Unidirectional_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Online Asymmetric Similarity Learning for Cross-Modal Retrieval
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Wu_Online_Asymmetric_Similarity_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Latent Multi-View Subspace Clustering
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Zhang_Latent_Multi-View_Subspace_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Unsupervised Vanishing Point Detection and Camera Calibration From a Single Manhattan Image With Radial Distortion
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Antunes_Unsupervised_Vanishing_Point_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Re-Sign: Re-Aligned End-To-End Sequence Modelling With Deep Recurrent CNN-HMMs
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Koller_Re-Sign_Re-Aligned_End-To-End_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Improving Interpretability of Deep Neural Networks With Semantic Information
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Dong_Improving_Interpretability_of_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Social Scene Understanding: End-To-End Multi-Person Action Localization and Collective Activity Recognition
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Bagautdinov_Social_Scene_Understanding_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

UntrimmedNets for Weakly Supervised Action Recognition and Detection
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Wang_UntrimmedNets_for_Weakly_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Multi-Task Correlation Particle Filter for Robust Object Tracking
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Zhang_Multi-Task_Correlation_Particle_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Improving Training of Deep Neural Networks via Singular Value Bounding
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Jia_Improving_Training_of_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Large Kernel Matters -- Improve Semantic Segmentation by Global Convolutional Network
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Peng_Large_Kernel_Matters_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Neural Aggregation Network for Video Face Recognition
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Yang_Neural_Aggregation_Network_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Deep Future Gaze: Gaze Anticipation on Egocentric Videos Using Adversarial Networks
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Zhang_Deep_Future_Gaze_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Simultaneous Stereo Video Deblurring and Scene Flow Estimation
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Pan_Simultaneous_Stereo_Video_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

An Empirical Evaluation of Visual Question Answering for Novel Objects
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Ramakrishnan_An_Empirical_Evaluation_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Binary Constraint Preserving Graph Matching
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Jiang_Binary_Constraint_Preserving_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Exploiting Saliency for Object Segmentation From Image Level Labels
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Oh_Exploiting_Saliency_for_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Predicting Salient Face in Multiple-Face Videos
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Liu_Predicting_Salient_Face_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

SPFTN: A Self-Paced Fine-Tuning Network for Segmenting Objects in Weakly Labelled Videos
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Zhang_SPFTN_A_Self-Paced_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Look Closer to See Better: Recurrent Attention Convolutional Neural Network for Fine-Grained Image Recognition
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Fu_Look_Closer_to_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

From Local to Global: Edge Profiles to Camera Motion in Blurred Images
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Vasu_From_Local_to_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

On-The-Fly Adaptation of Regression Forests for Online Camera Relocalisation
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Cavallari_On-The-Fly_Adaptation_of_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Plug & Play Generative Networks: Conditional Iterative Generation of Images in Latent Space
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Nguyen_Plug__Play_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Domain Adaptation by Mixture of Alignments of Second- or Higher-Order Scatter Tensors
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Koniusz_Domain_Adaptation_by_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

A Generative Model for Depth-Based Robust 3D Facial Pose Tracking
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Sheng_A_Generative_Model_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Single Image Reflection Suppression
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Arvanitopoulos_Single_Image_Reflection_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Learning Non-Maximum Suppression
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Hosang_Learning_Non-Maximum_Suppression_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

BRISKS: Binary Features for Spherical Images on a Geodesic Grid
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Guan_BRISKS_Binary_Features_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Gaze Embeddings for Zero-Shot Image Classification
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Karessli_Gaze_Embeddings_for_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

A-Lamp: Adaptive Layout-Aware Multi-Patch Deep Convolutional Neural Network for Photo Aesthetic Assessment
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Ma_A-Lamp_Adaptive_Layout-Aware_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Toroidal Constraints for Two-Point Localization Under High Outlier Ratios
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Camposeco_Toroidal_Constraints_for_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Hidden Layers in Perceptual Learning
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Cohen_Hidden_Layers_in_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

InterpoNet, a Brain Inspired Neural Network for Optical Flow Dense Interpolation
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Zweig_InterpoNet_a_Brain_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Learning Category-Specific 3D Shape Models From Weakly Labeled 2D Images
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Zhang_Learning_Category-Specific_3D_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Zero-Shot Learning - the Good, the Bad and the Ugly
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Xian_Zero-Shot_Learning_-_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Learning the Multilinear Structure of Visual Data
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Wang_Learning_the_Multilinear_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Linking Image and Text With 2-Way Nets
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Eisenschtat_Linking_Image_and_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Unsupervised Semantic Scene Labeling for Streaming Data
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Wigness_Unsupervised_Semantic_Scene_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Fast-At: Fast Automatic Thumbnail Generation Using Deep Neural Networks
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Esmaeili_Fast-At_Fast_Automatic_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

3D Point Cloud Registration for Localization Using a Deep Neural Network Auto-Encoder
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Elbaz_3D_Point_Cloud_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Improved Stereo Matching With Constant Highway Networks and Reflective Confidence Learning
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Shaked_Improved_Stereo_Matching_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Superpixels and Polygons Using Simple Non-Iterative Clustering
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Achanta_Superpixels_and_Polygons_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

POSEidon: Face-From-Depth for Driver Pose Estimation
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Borghi_POSEidon_Face-From-Depth_for_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Optical Flow in Mostly Rigid Scenes
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Wulff_Optical_Flow_in_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Photo-Realistic Single Image Super-Resolution Using a Generative Adversarial Network
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Ledig_Photo-Realistic_Single_Image_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

ROAM: A Rich Object Appearance Model With Application to Rotoscoping
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Miksik_ROAM_A_Rich_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Densely Connected Convolutional Networks
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Huang_Densely_Connected_Convolutional_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Multi-Level Attention Networks for Visual Question Answering
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Yu_Multi-Level_Attention_Networks_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Spatial-Semantic Image Search by Visual Feature Synthesis
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Mai_Spatial-Semantic_Image_Search_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Temporal Residual Networks for Dynamic Scene Recognition
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Feichtenhofer_Temporal_Residual_Networks_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Radiometric Calibration for Internet Photo Collections
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Mo_Radiometric_Calibration_for_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

See the Forest for the Trees: Joint Spatial and Temporal Recurrent Neural Networks for Video-Based Person Re-Identification
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Zhou_See_the_Forest_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Procedural Generation of Videos to Train Deep Action Recognition Networks
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/de_Souza_Procedural_Generation_of_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Spatiotemporal Multiplier Networks for Video Action Recognition
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Feichtenhofer_Spatiotemporal_Multiplier_Networks_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Real-Time Video Super-Resolution With Spatio-Temporal Networks and Motion Compensation
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Caballero_Real-Time_Video_Super-Resolution_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Query-Focused Video Summarization: Dataset, Evaluation, and a Memory Network Based Approach
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Sharghi_Query-Focused_Video_Summarization_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

A New Rank Constraint on Multi-View Fundamental Matrices, and Its Application to Camera Location Recovery
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Sengupta_A_New_Rank_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Attentional Correlation Filter Network for Adaptive Visual Tracking
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Choi_Attentional_Correlation_Filter_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Deep Mixture of Linear Inverse Regressions Applied to Head-Pose Estimation
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Lathuiliere_Deep_Mixture_of_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Human Shape From Silhouettes Using Generative HKS Descriptors and Cross-Modal Neural Networks
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Dibra_Human_Shape_From_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

STD2P: RGBD Semantic Segmentation Using Spatio-Temporal Data-Driven Pooling
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/He_STD2P_RGBD_Semantic_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

On the Two-View Geometry of Unsynchronized Cameras
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Albl_On_the_Two-View_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Using Locally Corresponding CAD Models for Dense 3D Reconstructions From a Single Image
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Kong_Using_Locally_Corresponding_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

BigHand2.2M Benchmark: Hand Pose Dataset and State of the Art Analysis
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Yuan_BigHand2.2M_Benchmark_Hand_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

A Matrix Splitting Method for Composite Function Minimization
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Yuan_A_Matrix_Splitting_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Simultaneous Geometric and Radiometric Calibration of a Projector-Camera Pair
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Shahpaski_Simultaneous_Geometric_and_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

On the Global Geometry of Sphere-Constrained Sparse Blind Deconvolution
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Zhang_On_the_Global_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Towards Accurate Multi-Person Pose Estimation in the Wild
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Papandreou_Towards_Accurate_Multi-Person_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

A Clever Elimination Strategy for Efficient Minimal Solvers
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Kukelova_A_Clever_Elimination_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Adaptive and Move Making Auxiliary Cuts for Binary Pairwise Energies
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Gorelick_Adaptive_and_Move_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

What Is the Space of Attenuation Coefficients in Underwater Computer Vision?
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Akkaynak_What_Is_the_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Consensus Maximization With Linear Matrix Inequality Constraints
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Speciale_Consensus_Maximization_With_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Optical Flow Requires Multiple Strategies (but Only One Network)
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Schuster_Optical_Flow_Requires_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Convex Global 3D Registration With Lagrangian Duality
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Briales_Convex_Global_3D_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

S3Pool: Pooling With Stochastic Spatial Sampling
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Zhai_S3Pool_Pooling_With_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Generating Descriptions With Grounded and Co-Referenced People
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Rohrbach_Generating_Descriptions_With_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Deep Photo Style Transfer
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Luan_Deep_Photo_Style_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Are You Smarter Than a Sixth Grader? Textbook Question Answering for Multimodal Machine Comprehension
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Kembhavi_Are_You_Smarter_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

InstanceCut: From Edges to Instances With MultiCut
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Kirillov_InstanceCut_From_Edges_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Deep Hashing Network for Unsupervised Domain Adaptation
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Venkateswara_Deep_Hashing_Network_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Harmonic Networks: Deep Translation and Rotation Equivariance
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Worrall_Harmonic_Networks_Deep_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

DeMoN: Depth and Motion Network for Learning Monocular Stereo
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Ummenhofer_DeMoN_Depth_and_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

A Wide-Field-Of-View Monocentric Light Field Camera
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Dansereau_A_Wide-Field-Of-View_Monocentric_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Teaching Compositionality to CNNs
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Stone_Teaching_Compositionality_to_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Learning Barycentric Representations of 3D Shapes for Sketch-Based 3D Shape Retrieval
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Xie_Learning_Barycentric_Representations_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Stacked Generative Adversarial Networks
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Huang_Stacked_Generative_Adversarial_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Image Splicing Detection via Camera Response Function Analysis
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Chen_Image_Splicing_Detection_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Illuminant-Camera Communication to Observe Moving Objects Under Strong External Light by Spread Spectrum Modulation
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Sagawa_Illuminant-Camera_Communication_to_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Building a Regular Decision Boundary With Deep Networks
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Oyallon_Building_a_Regular_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Geometric Deep Learning on Graphs and Manifolds Using Mixture Model CNNs
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Monti_Geometric_Deep_Learning_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Identifying First-Person Camera Wearers in Third-Person Videos
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Fan_Identifying_First-Person_Camera_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

IM2CAD
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Izadinia_IM2CAD_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Photorealistic Facial Texture Inference Using Deep Neural Networks
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Saito_Photorealistic_Facial_Texture_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Learning to Learn From Noisy Web Videos
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Yeung_Learning_to_Learn_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Regressing Robust and Discriminative 3D Morphable Models With a Very Deep Neural Network
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Tran_Regressing_Robust_and_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

HPatches: A Benchmark and Evaluation of Handcrafted and Learned Local Descriptors
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Balntas_HPatches_A_Benchmark_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Using Ranking-CNN for Age Estimation
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Chen_Using_Ranking-CNN_for_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

DeepNav: Learning to Navigate Large Cities
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Brahmbhatt_DeepNav_Learning_to_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

The World of Fast Moving Objects
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Rozumnyi_The_World_of_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Sports Field Localization via Deep Structured Models
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Homayounfar_Sports_Field_Localization_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Deep Watershed Transform for Instance Segmentation
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Bai_Deep_Watershed_Transform_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Annotating Object Instances With a Polygon-RNN
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Castrejon_Annotating_Object_Instances_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Multimodal Transfer: A Hierarchical Deep Convolutional Neural Network for Fast Artistic Style Transfer
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Wang_Multimodal_Transfer_A_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Detect, Replace, Refine: Deep Structured Prediction for Pixel Wise Labeling
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Gidaris_Detect_Replace_Refine_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Grassmannian Manifold Optimization Assisted Sparse Spectral Clustering
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Wang_Grassmannian_Manifold_Optimization_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Robust Joint and Individual Variance Explained
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Sagonas_Robust_Joint_and_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

AnchorNet: A Weakly Supervised Network to Learn Geometry-Sensitive Features for Semantic Matching
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Novotny_AnchorNet_A_Weakly_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Physically-Based Rendering for Indoor Scene Understanding Using Convolutional Neural Networks
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Zhang_Physically-Based_Rendering_for_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

YouTube-BoundingBoxes: A Large High-Precision Human-Annotated Data Set for Object Detection in Video
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Real_YouTube-BoundingBoxes_A_Large_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Full Resolution Image Compression With Recurrent Neural Networks
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Toderici_Full_Resolution_Image_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Learning to Extract Semantic Structure From Documents Using Multimodal Fully Convolutional Neural Networks
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Yang_Learning_to_Extract_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Hardware-Efficient Guided Image Filtering for Multi-Label Problem
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Dai_Hardware-Efficient_Guided_Image_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Fully-Adaptive Feature Sharing in Multi-Task Networks With Applications in Person Attribute Classification
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Lu_Fully-Adaptive_Feature_Sharing_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Hyperspectral Image Super-Resolution via Non-Local Sparse Tensor Factorization
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Dian_Hyperspectral_Image_Super-Resolution_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Multi-Scale Continuous CRFs as Sequential Deep Networks for Monocular Depth Estimation
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Xu_Multi-Scale_Continuous_CRFs_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Learning Cross-Modal Deep Representations for Robust Pedestrian Detection
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Xu_Learning_Cross-Modal_Deep_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Noisy Softmax: Improving the Generalization Ability of DCNN via Postponing the Early Softmax Saturation
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Chen_Noisy_Softmax_Improving_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Deep Metric Learning via Facility Location
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Song_Deep_Metric_Learning_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Event-Based Visual Inertial Odometry
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Zhu_Event-Based_Visual_Inertial_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Scribbler: Controlling Deep Image Synthesis With Sketch and Color
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Sangkloy_Scribbler_Controlling_Deep_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Scene Graph Generation by Iterative Message Passing
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Xu_Scene_Graph_Generation_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Accurate Single Stage Detector Using Recurrent Rolling Convolution
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Ren_Accurate_Single_Stage_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Indoor Scene Parsing With Instance Segmentation, Semantic Labeling and Support Relationship Inference
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Zhuo_Indoor_Scene_Parsing_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Reflection Removal Using Low-Rank Matrix Completion
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Han_Reflection_Removal_Using_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Deep Multimodal Representation Learning From Temporal Data
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Yang_Deep_Multimodal_Representation_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Weighted-Entropy-Based Quantization for Deep Neural Networks
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Park_Weighted-Entropy-Based_Quantization_for_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Deep Supervision With Shape Concepts for Occlusion-Aware 3D Object Parsing
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Li_Deep_Supervision_With_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Spatio-Temporal Self-Organizing Map Deep Network for Dynamic Object Detection From Videos
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Du_Spatio-Temporal_Self-Organizing_Map_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Semantic Image Inpainting With Deep Generative Models
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Yeh_Semantic_Image_Inpainting_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Unambiguous Text Localization and Retrieval for Cluttered Scenes
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Rong_Unambiguous_Text_Localization_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

GuessWhat?! Visual Object Discovery Through Multi-Modal Dialogue
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/de_Vries_GuessWhat_Visual_Object_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Learning Spatial Regularization With Image-Level Supervisions for Multi-Label Image Classification
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Zhu_Learning_Spatial_Regularization_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

CERN: Confidence-Energy Recurrent Network for Group Activity Recognition
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Shu_CERN_Confidence-Energy_Recurrent_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Visual Translation Embedding Network for Visual Relation Detection
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Zhang_Visual_Translation_Embedding_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Neural Face Editing With Intrinsic Image Disentangling
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Shu_Neural_Face_Editing_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

EAST: An Efficient and Accurate Scene Text Detector
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Zhou_EAST_An_Efficient_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Episodic CAMN: Contextual Attention-Based Memory Networks With Iterative Feedback for Scene Labeling
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Abdulnabi_Episodic_CAMN_Contextual_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Robust Energy Minimization for BRDF-Invariant Shape From Light Fields
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Li_Robust_Energy_Minimization_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Connecting Look and Feel: Associating the Visual and Tactile Properties of Physical Materials
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Yuan_Connecting_Look_and_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Robust Visual Tracking Using Oblique Random Forests
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Zhang_Robust_Visual_Tracking_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Discriminative Covariance Oriented Representation Learning for Face Recognition With Image Sets
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Wang_Discriminative_Covariance_Oriented_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Generalized Deep Image to Image Regression
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Santhanam_Generalized_Deep_Image_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Multi-Object Tracking With Quadruplet Convolutional Neural Networks
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Son_Multi-Object_Tracking_With_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Semantic Compositional Networks for Visual Captioning
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Gan_Semantic_Compositional_Networks_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Link the Head to the "Beak": Zero Shot Learning From Noisy Text Description at Part Precision
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Elhoseiny_Link_the_Head_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

A Non-Local Low-Rank Framework for Ultrasound Speckle Reduction
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Zhu_A_Non-Local_Low-Rank_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

SCA-CNN: Spatial and Channel-Wise Attention in Convolutional Networks for Image Captioning
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Chen_SCA-CNN_Spatial_and_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

A Compact DNN: Approaching GoogLeNet-Level Accuracy of Classification and Domain Adaptation
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Wu_A_Compact_DNN_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Relationship Proposal Networks
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Zhang_Relationship_Proposal_Networks_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Designing Energy-Efficient Convolutional Neural Networks Using Energy-Aware Pruning
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Yang_Designing_Energy-Efficient_Convolutional_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Boundary-Aware Instance Segmentation
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Hayder_Boundary-Aware_Instance_Segmentation_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Joint Intensity and Spatial Metric Learning for Robust Gait Recognition
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Makihara_Joint_Intensity_and_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Seeing What Is Not There: Learning Context to Determine Where Objects Are Missing
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Sun_Seeing_What_Is_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Joint Gap Detection and Inpainting of Line Drawings
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Sasaki_Joint_Gap_Detection_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

CDC: Convolutional-De-Convolutional Networks for Precise Temporal Action Localization in Untrimmed Videos
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Shou_CDC_Convolutional-De-Convolutional_Networks_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Switching Convolutional Neural Network for Crowd Counting
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Sam_Switching_Convolutional_Neural_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Captioning Images With Diverse Objects
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Venugopalan_Captioning_Images_With_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Amodal Detection of 3D Objects: Inferring 3D Bounding Boxes From 2D Ones in RGB-Depth Images
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Deng_Amodal_Detection_of_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Consistent-Aware Deep Learning for Person Re-Identification in a Camera Network
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Lin_Consistent-Aware_Deep_Learning_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Enhancing Video Summarization via Vision-Language Embedding
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Plummer_Enhancing_Video_Summarization_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Quality Aware Network for Set to Set Recognition
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Liu_Quality_Aware_Network_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Spatially-Varying Blur Detection Based on Multiscale Fused and Sorted Transform Coefficients of Gradient Magnitudes
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Golestaneh_Spatially-Varying_Blur_Detection_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Age Progression/Regression by Conditional Adversarial Autoencoder
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Zhang_Age_ProgressionRegression_by_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Residual Expansion Algorithm: Fast and Effective Optimization for Nonconvex Least Squares Problems
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Ikami_Residual_Expansion_Algorithm_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

ScanNet: Richly-Annotated 3D Reconstructions of Indoor Scenes
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Dai_ScanNet_Richly-Annotated_3D_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

More Is Less: A More Complicated Network With Less Inference Complexity
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Dong_More_Is_Less_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Online Video Object Segmentation via Convolutional Trident Network
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Jang_Online_Video_Object_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Learning Object Interactions and Descriptions for Semantic Image Segmentation
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Wang_Learning_Object_Interactions_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Shape Completion Using 3D-Encoder-Predictor CNNs and Shape Synthesis
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Dai_Shape_Completion_Using_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

The Impact of Typicality for Informative Representative Selection
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Bappy_The_Impact_of_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Infinite Variational Autoencoder for Semi-Supervised Learning
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Abbasnejad_Infinite_Variational_Autoencoder_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Understanding Traffic Density From Large-Scale Web Camera Data
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Zhang_Understanding_Traffic_Density_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

End-To-End 3D Face Reconstruction With Deep Neural Networks
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Dou_End-To-End_3D_Face_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Deep Learning With Low Precision by Half-Wave Gaussian Quantization
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Cai_Deep_Learning_With_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Deep Pyramidal Residual Networks
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Han_Deep_Pyramidal_Residual_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

RON: Reverse Connection With Objectness Prior Networks for Object Detection
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Kong_RON_Reverse_Connection_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Weakly-Supervised Visual Grounding of Phrases With Linguistic Structures
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Xiao_Weakly-Supervised_Visual_Grounding_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Network Sketching: Exploiting Binary Structure in Deep CNNs
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Guo_Network_Sketching_Exploiting_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

CASENet: Deep Category-Aware Semantic Edge Detection
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Yu_CASENet_Deep_Category-Aware_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Geometric Loss Functions for Camera Pose Regression With Deep Learning
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Kendall_Geometric_Loss_Functions_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Model-Based Iterative Restoration for Binary Document Image Compression With Dictionary Learning
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Guo_Model-Based_Iterative_Restoration_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Fine-Grained Image Classification via Combining Vision and Language
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/He_Fine-Grained_Image_Classification_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

A Minimal Solution for Two-View Focal-Length Estimation Using Two Affine Correspondences
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Barath_A_Minimal_Solution_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Joint Graph Decomposition & Node Labeling: Problem, Algorithms, Applications
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Levinkov_Joint_Graph_Decomposition_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Detangling People: Individuating Multiple Close People and Their Body Parts via Region Assembly
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Jiang_Detangling_People_Individuating_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Flight Dynamics-Based Recovery of a UAV Trajectory Using Ground Cameras
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Rozantsev_Flight_Dynamics-Based_Recovery_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

SurfNet: Generating 3D Shape Surfaces Using Deep Residual Networks
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Sinha_SurfNet_Generating_3D_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Unite the People: Closing the Loop Between 3D and 2D Human Representations
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Lassner_Unite_the_People_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Semantically Consistent Regularization for Zero-Shot Recognition
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Morgado_Semantically_Consistent_Regularization_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Simultaneous Super-Resolution and Cross-Modality Synthesis of 3D Medical Images Using Weakly-Supervised Joint Convolutional Sparse Coding
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Huang_Simultaneous_Super-Resolution_and_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Viraliency: Pooling Local Virality
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Alameda-Pineda_Viraliency_Pooling_Local_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Generative Attribute Controller With Conditional Filtered Generative Adversarial Networks
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Kaneko_Generative_Attribute_Controller_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Deep Learning on Lie Groups for Skeleton-Based Action Recognition
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Huang_Deep_Learning_on_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Dynamic Time-Of-Flight
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Schober_Dynamic_Time-Of-Flight_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Can Walking and Measuring Along Chord Bunches Better Describe Leaf Shapes?
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Wang_Can_Walking_and_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Ubernet: Training a Universal Convolutional Neural Network for Low-, Mid-, and High-Level Vision Using Diverse Datasets and Limited Memory
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Kokkinos_Ubernet_Training_a_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Parametric T-Spline Face Morphable Model for Detailed Fitting in Shape Subspace
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Peng_Parametric_T-Spline_Face_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Convolutional Neural Network Architecture for Geometric Matching
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Rocco_Convolutional_Neural_Network_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Deep Representation Learning for Human Motion Prediction and Classification
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Butepage_Deep_Representation_Learning_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Deep Affordance-Grounded Sensorimotor Object Recognition
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Thermos_Deep_Affordance-Grounded_Sensorimotor_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

All You Need Is Beyond a Good Init: Exploring Better Solution for Training Extremely Deep Convolutional Neural Networks With Orthonormality and Modulation
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Xie_All_You_Need_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Scale-Aware Face Detection
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Hao_Scale-Aware_Face_Detection_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Intrinsic Grassmann Averages for Online Linear and Robust Subspace Learning
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Chakraborty_Intrinsic_Grassmann_Averages_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Object Co-Skeletonization With Co-Segmentation
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Jerripothula_Object_Co-Skeletonization_With_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Product Split Trees
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Babenko_Product_Split_Trees_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Pose-Aware Person Recognition
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Kumar_Pose-Aware_Person_Recognition_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Dynamic FAUST: Registering Human Bodies in Motion
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Bogo_Dynamic_FAUST_Registering_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

CNN-SLAM: Real-Time Dense Monocular SLAM With Learned Depth Prediction
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Tateno_CNN-SLAM_Real-Time_Dense_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Alternating Direction Graph Matching
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Le-Huu_Alternating_Direction_Graph_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

DUST: Dual Union of Spatio-Temporal Subspaces for Monocular Multiple Object 3D Reconstruction
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Agudo_DUST_Dual_Union_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Unsupervised Part Learning for Visual Recognition
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Sicre_Unsupervised_Part_Learning_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Parsing Images of Overlapping Organisms With Deep Singling-Out Networks
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Yurchenko_Parsing_Images_of_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Deep Multitask Architecture for Integrated 2D and 3D Human Sensing
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Popa_Deep_Multitask_Architecture_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Quo Vadis, Action Recognition? A New Model and the Kinetics Dataset
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Carreira_Quo_Vadis_Action_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Discriminative Correlation Filter With Channel and Spatial Reliability
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Lukezic_Discriminative_Correlation_Filter_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Light Field Reconstruction Using Deep Convolutional Network on EPI
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Wu_Light_Field_Reconstruction_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Noise Robust Depth From Focus Using a Ring Difference Filter
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Surh_Noise_Robust_Depth_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Improving RANSAC-Based Segmentation Through CNN Encapsulation
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Morley_Improving_RANSAC-Based_Segmentation_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Bayesian Supervised Hashing
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Hu_Bayesian_Supervised_Hashing_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Mimicking Very Efficient Network for Object Detection
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Li_Mimicking_Very_Efficient_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

3D Menagerie: Modeling the 3D Shape and Pose of Animals
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Zuffi_3D_Menagerie_Modeling_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Training Object Class Detectors With Click Supervision
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Papadopoulos_Training_Object_Class_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

4D Light Field Superpixel and Segmentation
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Zhu_4D_Light_Field_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Joint Sequence Learning and Cross-Modality Convolution for 3D Biomedical Segmentation
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Tseng_Joint_Sequence_Learning_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Multi-Task Clustering of Human Actions by Sharing Information
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Yan_Multi-Task_Clustering_of_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Geodesic Distance Descriptors
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Shamai_Geodesic_Distance_Descriptors_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Deeply Aggregated Alternating Minimization for Image Restoration
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Kim_Deeply_Aggregated_Alternating_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

MDNet: A Semantically and Visually Interpretable Medical Image Diagnosis Network
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Zhang_MDNet_A_Semantically_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Computational Imaging on the Electric Grid
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Sheinin_Computational_Imaging_on_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Lip Reading Sentences in the Wild
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Chung_Lip_Reading_Sentences_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

ArtTrack: Articulated Multi-Person Tracking in the Wild
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Insafutdinov_ArtTrack_Articulated_Multi-Person_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

LSTM Self-Supervision for Detailed Behavior Analysis
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Brattoli_LSTM_Self-Supervision_for_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Making 360deg Video Watchable in 2D: Learning Videography for Click Free Viewing
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Su_Making_360deg_Video_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Creativity: Generating Diverse Questions Using Variational Autoencoders
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Jain_Creativity_Generating_Diverse_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Tracking by Natural Language Specification
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Li_Tracking_by_Natural_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Video Captioning With Transferred Semantic Attributes
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Pan_Video_Captioning_With_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Personalizing Gesture Recognition Using Hierarchical Bayesian Neural Networks
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Joshi_Personalizing_Gesture_Recognition_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Flexible Spatio-Temporal Networks for Video Prediction
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Lu_Flexible_Spatio-Temporal_Networks_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Soft-Margin Mixture of Regressions
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Huang_Soft-Margin_Mixture_of_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Network Dissection: Quantifying Interpretability of Deep Visual Representations
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Bau_Network_Dissection_Quantifying_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Straight to Shapes: Real-Time Detection of Encoded Shapes
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Jetley_Straight_to_Shapes_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

FCSS: Fully Convolutional Self-Similarity for Dense Semantic Correspondence
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Kim_FCSS_Fully_Convolutional_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Variational Bayesian Multiple Instance Learning With Gaussian Processes
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Haussmann_Variational_Bayesian_Multiple_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Incorporating Copying Mechanism in Image Captioning for Learning Novel Objects
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Yao_Incorporating_Copying_Mechanism_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Beyond Instance-Level Image Retrieval: Leveraging Captions to Learn a Global Visual Representation for Semantic Retrieval
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Gordo_Beyond_Instance-Level_Image_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Fast 3D Reconstruction of Faces With Glasses
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Maninchedda_Fast_3D_Reconstruction_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Non-Local Deep Features for Salient Object Detection
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Luo_Non-Local_Deep_Features_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Simultaneous Feature Aggregating and Hashing for Large-Scale Image Search
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Do_Simultaneous_Feature_Aggregating_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Not Afraid of the Dark: NIR-VIS Face Recognition via Cross-Spectral Hallucination and Low-Rank Embedding
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Lezama_Not_Afraid_of_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

ECO: Efficient Convolution Operators for Tracking
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Danelljan_ECO_Efficient_Convolution_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Semi-Supervised Deep Learning for Monocular Depth Map Prediction
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Kuznietsov_Semi-Supervised_Deep_Learning_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

End-To-End Instance Segmentation With Recurrent Attention
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Ren_End-To-End_Instance_Segmentation_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Multigrid Neural Architectures
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Ke_Multigrid_Neural_Architectures_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Fast Boosting Based Detection Using Scale Invariant Multimodal Multiresolution Filtered Features
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Costea_Fast_Boosting_Based_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

DSAC - Differentiable RANSAC for Camera Localization
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Brachmann_DSAC_-_Differentiable_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Group-Wise Point-Set Registration Based on Renyi's Second Order Entropy
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Giraldo_Group-Wise_Point-Set_Registration_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

PoseAgent: Budget-Constrained 6D Object Pose Estimation via Reinforcement Learning
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Krull_PoseAgent_Budget-Constrained_6D_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

MuCaLe-Net: Multi Categorical-Level Networks to Generate More Discriminating Features
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Tamaazousti_MuCaLe-Net_Multi_Categorical-Level_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

High-Resolution Image Inpainting Using Multi-Scale Neural Patch Synthesis
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Yang_High-Resolution_Image_Inpainting_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Temporal Attention-Gated Model for Robust Sequence Classification
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Pei_Temporal_Attention-Gated_Model_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Multiple-Scattering Microphysics Tomography
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Levis_Multiple-Scattering_Microphysics_Tomography_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Why You Should Forget Luminance Conversion and Do Something Better
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Nguyen_Why_You_Should_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Deep Quantization: Encoding Convolutional Activations With Deep Generative Model
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Qiu_Deep_Quantization_Encoding_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Joint Multi-Person Pose Estimation and Semantic Part Segmentation
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Xia_Joint_Multi-Person_Pose_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

DOPE: Distributed Optimization for Pairwise Energies
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Dolz_DOPE_Distributed_Optimization_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Reflectance Adaptive Filtering Improves Intrinsic Image Estimation
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Nestmeyer_Reflectance_Adaptive_Filtering_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

DenseReg: Fully Convolutional Dense Shape Regression In-The-Wild
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Guler_DenseReg_Fully_Convolutional_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Deep Learning Human Mind for Automated Visual Classification
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Spampinato_Deep_Learning_Human_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Learning Discriminative and Transformation Covariant Local Feature Detectors
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Zhang_Learning_Discriminative_and_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Temporal Action Co-Segmentation in 3D Motion Capture Data and Videos
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Papoutsakis_Temporal_Action_Co-Segmentation_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Learning Diverse Image Colorization
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Deshpande_Learning_Diverse_Image_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Non-Uniform Subset Selection for Active Learning in Structured Data
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Paul_Non-Uniform_Subset_Selection_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

VidLoc: A Deep Spatio-Temporal Model for 6-DoF Video-Clip Relocalization
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Clark_VidLoc_A_Deep_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Hard Mixtures of Experts for Large Scale Weakly Supervised Vision
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Gross_Hard_Mixtures_of_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Colorization as a Proxy Task for Visual Understanding
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Larsson_Colorization_as_a_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

A Dataset and Exploration of Models for Understanding Video Data Through Fill-In-The-Blank Question-Answering
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Maharaj_A_Dataset_and_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Interspecies Knowledge Transfer for Facial Keypoint Detection
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Rashid_Interspecies_Knowledge_Transfer_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Making the v in VQA Matter: Elevating the Role of Image Understanding in Visual Question Answering
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Goyal_Making_the_v_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Deep Semantic Feature Matching
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Ufer_Deep_Semantic_Feature_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Improved Texture Networks: Maximizing Quality and Diversity in Feed-Forward Stylization and Texture Synthesis
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Ulyanov_Improved_Texture_Networks_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

A Reinforcement Learning Approach to the View Planning Problem
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Kaba_A_Reinforcement_Learning_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Improving Facial Attribute Prediction Using Semantic Segmentation
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Kalayeh_Improving_Facial_Attribute_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Deep Network Flow for Multi-Object Tracking
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Schulter_Deep_Network_Flow_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Bidirectional Beam Search: Forward-Backward Inference in Neural Sequence Models for Fill-In-The-Blank Image Captioning
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Sun_Bidirectional_Beam_Search_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Matting and Depth Recovery of Thin Structures Using a Focal Stack
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Liu_Matting_and_Depth_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Discovering Causal Signals in Images
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Lopez-Paz_Discovering_Causal_Signals_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Harvesting Multiple Views for Marker-Less 3D Human Pose Annotations
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Pavlakos_Harvesting_Multiple_Views_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Shading Annotations in the Wild
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Kovacs_Shading_Annotations_in_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Self-Critical Sequence Training for Image Captioning
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Rennie_Self-Critical_Sequence_Training_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Coarse-To-Fine Volumetric Prediction for Single-Image 3D Human Pose
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Pavlakos_Coarse-To-Fine_Volumetric_Prediction_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

3D Human Pose Estimation = 2D Pose Estimation + Matching
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Chen_3D_Human_Pose_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Level Playing Field for Million Scale Face Recognition
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Nech_Level_Playing_Field_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Unsupervised Adaptive Re-Identification in Open World Dynamic Camera Networks
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Panda_Unsupervised_Adaptive_Re-Identification_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Deep Feature Interpolation for Image Content Changes
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Upchurch_Deep_Feature_Interpolation_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

3D Bounding Box Estimation Using Deep Learning and Geometry
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Mousavian_3D_Bounding_Box_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Collaborative Summarization of Topic-Related Videos
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Panda_Collaborative_Summarization_of_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Synthesizing Dynamic Patterns by Spatial-Temporal Generative ConvNet
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Xie_Synthesizing_Dynamic_Patterns_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Comprehension-Guided Referring Expressions
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Luo_Comprehension-Guided_Referring_Expressions_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Zero Shot Learning via Multi-Scale Manifold Regularization
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Deutsch_Zero_Shot_Learning_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

LCNN: Lookup-Based Convolutional Neural Network
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Bagherinezhad_LCNN_Lookup-Based_Convolutional_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Deep Unsupervised Similarity Learning Using Partially Ordered Sets
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Bautista_Deep_Unsupervised_Similarity_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Zero-Shot Classification With Discriminative Semantic Representation Learning
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Ye_Zero-Shot_Classification_With_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Learning Detection With Diverse Proposals
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Azadi_Learning_Detection_With_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Learning Random-Walk Label Propagation for Weakly-Supervised Semantic Segmentation
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Vernaza_Learning_Random-Walk_Label_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Adversarial Discriminative Domain Adaptation
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Tzeng_Adversarial_Discriminative_Domain_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

An Efficient Background Term for 3D Reconstruction and Tracking With Smooth Surface Models
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Jaimez_An_Efficient_Background_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

The Amazing Mysteries of the Gutter: Drawing Inferences Between Panels in Comic Book Narratives
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Iyyer_The_Amazing_Mysteries_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Commonly Uncommon: Semantic Sparsity in Situation Recognition
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Yatskar_Commonly_Uncommon_Semantic_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Top-Down Visual Saliency Guided by Captions
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Ramanishka_Top-Down_Visual_Saliency_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

The Geometry of First-Returning Photons for Non-Line-Of-Sight Imaging
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Tsai_The_Geometry_of_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

An Efficient Algebraic Solution to the Perspective-Three-Point Problem
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Ke_An_Efficient_Algebraic_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

WSISA: Making Survival Prediction From Whole Slide Histopathological Images
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Zhu_WSISA_Making_Survival_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

A Low Power, Fully Event-Based Gesture Recognition System
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Amir_A_Low_Power_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Modeling Sub-Event Dynamics in First-Person Action Recognition
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Zaki_Modeling_Sub-Event_Dynamics_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

YOLO9000: Better, Faster, Stronger
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Redmon_YOLO9000_Better_Faster_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Skeleton Key: Image Captioning by Skeleton-Attribute Decomposition
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Wang_Skeleton_Key_Image_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

A Joint Speaker-Listener-Reinforcer Model for Referring Expressions
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Yu_A_Joint_Speaker-Listener-Reinforcer_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Realtime Multi-Person 2D Pose Estimation Using Part Affinity Fields
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Cao_Realtime_Multi-Person_2D_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Newton-Type Methods for Inference in Higher-Order Markov Random Fields
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Kannan_Newton-Type_Methods_for_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Speed/Accuracy Trade-Offs for Modern Convolutional Object Detectors
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Huang_SpeedAccuracy_Trade-Offs_for_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Deep Outdoor Illumination Estimation
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Hold-Geoffroy_Deep_Outdoor_Illumination_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Weakly Supervised Semantic Segmentation Using Web-Crawled Videos
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Hong_Weakly_Supervised_Semantic_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Global Optimality in Neural Network Training
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Haeffele_Global_Optimality_in_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Fine-Tuning Convolutional Neural Networks for Biomedical Image Analysis: Actively and Incrementally
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Zhou_Fine-Tuning_Convolutional_Neural_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

FASON: First and Second Order Information Fusion Network for Texture Recognition
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Dai_FASON_First_and_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Recurrent Convolutional Neural Networks for Continuous Sign Language Recognition by Staged Optimization
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Cui_Recurrent_Convolutional_Neural_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

On Compressing Deep Models by Low Rank and Sparse Decomposition
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Yu_On_Compressing_Deep_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Cross-Modality Binary Code Learning via Fusion Similarity Hashing
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Liu_Cross-Modality_Binary_Code_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Adaptive Relaxed ADMM: Convergence Theory and Practical Implementation
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Xu_Adaptive_Relaxed_ADMM_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Generative Hierarchical Learning of Sparse FRAME Models
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Xie_Generative_Hierarchical_Learning_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Exploiting Symmetry and/or Manhattan Properties for 3D Object Structure Estimation From Single and Multiple Images
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Gao_Exploiting_Symmetry_andor_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Fast Haze Removal for Nighttime Image Using Maximum Reflectance Prior
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Zhang_Fast_Haze_Removal_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Adaptive Class Preserving Representation for Image Classification
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Mi_Adaptive_Class_Preserving_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

A Dataset for Benchmarking Image-Based Localization
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Sun_A_Dataset_for_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Low-Rank-Sparse Subspace Representation for Robust Regression
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Zhang_Low-Rank-Sparse_Subspace_Representation_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

AGA: Attribute-Guided Augmentation
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Dixit_AGA_Attribute-Guided_Augmentation_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Awesome Typography: Statistics-Based Text Effects Transfer
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Yang_Awesome_Typography_Statistics-Based_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

Lean Crowdsourcing: Combining Humans and Machines in an Online System
http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Branson_Lean_Crowdsourcing_Combining_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf

